RHDEVDOCS-5238: pipelines-as-code configuration and token scoping (#60197)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-using-incoming-webhook-with-pipelines-as-code.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="using-incoming-webhook-with-pipelines-as-code_{context}"]
= Using incoming webhook with {pac}

[role="_abstract"]
Using an incoming webhook URL and a shared secret, you can start a pipeline run in a repository.

> To use incoming webhooks, specify the following within the `spec` section of the `Repository` custom resource definition (CRD):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use incoming webhooks, specify the following within the `spec` section of the `Repository` custom resource (CR):
```

Author: Again out of scope

{pac} matches the incoming URL and treats it as a `push` event. However, {pac} does not report status of the pipeline runs triggered by this command.

> To get a report or a notification, add it directly with a `finally` task to your pipeline. Alternatively, you can inspect the `Repository` CRD with the `tkn pac` CLI tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a report or a notification, add it directly with a `finally` task to your pipeline. Alternatively, you can inspect the `Repository` CR by using the `tkn pac` CLI tool.
```

Author: out of scope
